Update member check documentation (#3)
UTNkar/documentation: content/other_applications/member_check.md

## API

The member check is also available as an api and can be used from a website, app etc.

> To use the api in Moore, send a **POST** request to `/member_check_api/`.

Reviewer: You need to specify the whole link so that users outside of moore can use the API as well
```suggestion
To use the api, send a **POST** request to `https://utn.se/member_check_api/`.
```

### Params

> In the **POST** request you must send a JSON object with key/value pair: ssn/'personnummer'. 

Reviewer: Just to make it a bit more clear
```suggestion
In the **POST** request you must send a JSON object with key/value pair: ssn/'personnummer_of_the_person'. 
```

Also add that the content type must be set to "application/json"

Author: ok! fixed in https://github.com/UTNkar/documentation/pull/3/commits/bb4249c70fa8f8a27e56d1686757449667c948f3

Http Status Code: 400

> Response: `{error: Inserted value, "A message describing the error"}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Response: `{error: "Personnummer: A message describing the error"}`
```
